Hello there I am I would like you once
Show a bit like me with one
suitcase made of short bin currently level 68
and have around seven farmers
which arranged so that I single
I'll tell you once
that means that many are like that
if you build a wall around it
as soon as it is broken you are
throughout the camp that's not me
so that really means every single one
a bit demarcated that you just
not completely empty so quickly
can be
Now you want to show attack on me
is it so I mostly go to bubis
I really buuntil lots of
publisher that I still have one
a little something can tear
and then let's see what was there
So it can get that way here
striking feature with the with the
devices
I'm basically attacking that
Relatively like because I know that he
itself or the opponent just a whole
time long i was online because im
normal case I say the front door one has
yes always his graves away when
you get a bit of lexi for that
and if the graves are still there
then I know okay he just does not have
He has done that, too
most likely the bombs are not
reactivated and so is the
Probably very big that me
without bombs the then really nice
can make
we look times which is nothing here
nothing too little
only there is always a reasonably good
it was already against the gold
97000 but the hero is still
Not
but that looks like I said just now
again paraguay was there then try
we are lucky we try it
here only times just gently
I can see that I'm there
quite a bit of gold since then I've ever
neatly kranenburg also teacher
clearly because he was not online anymore
since the last attack and its
just a little something easy
just look for the graves because they yes
okay that was not quite a while
on-line
so now we're going to watch hofer the best
I would almost say it in here
the area and during the attack week
Let's see I always try it
a blue alex here actually the
Mine launcher already out of service too
put that I only had now
once blue as alex you are now
not different if I am myself
a mine-thrower her especially now
just with bobbies not so much on one
build grape because clear
the bullet comes and all bubis gone
That's why I always say in small steps
something they buuntil 567 and if it
be made as in television halt
hit it out so look what have
we still here
but there is still a little small load
to do a job
there is still something russian was here
times by after him throwers finished there
is still a bit of what the yes
Super
I will not become the city hall like this
get broken but that's enough for me
I'm totally 60 percent so
otherwise that does not fit in the beginning either
too much for the bookies because you will
you will remember later
happy if you lose or
maybe even deliberately lose
because you just really from poe so far
you are too high up and a lot
harder opponents have just as a tip
as I said it was a first
video and if you liked it
just comment on how to subscribe
you want
and then maybe we'll see each other
next time bite then